I came, I saw, I conquered.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.
I have always reckoned the dignity of the republic of first importance and preferable to life.
Men freely believe that which they desire.
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.
No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
Which death is preferably to every other? The unexpected.
The die is cast.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
Caesar's wife must be above suspicion.
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.
It was the wont of the immortal gods sometimes to grant prosperity and long impunity to men whose crimes they were minded to punish in order that a complete reverse of fortune might make them suffer more bitterly.
The evil that men do lives after them; The good is oft interred with their bones.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.
I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome.
t is not the well-fed long-haired man I fear, but the pale and the hungry looking.
Let us go where the gods have shown us the way and the injustice of our enemies calls us.
In extreme danger fear feels no pity.
It is the right of war for conquerors to treat those whom they have conquered according to their pleasure.
Bid me run, and I will strive with things impossible.
In the end, it is impossible not to become what others believe you are.
He conquers twice, who shows mercy to the conquered.
The greatest enemy will hide in the last place you would ever look.
The difference between a republic and an empire is the loyalty of one's army.
If I fail it is only because I have too much pride and ambition.
It is not the well-fed long-haired man I fear, but the pale and the hungry looking.
All bad precedents begin as justifiable measures.
It is better to suffer once than to be in perpetual apprehension.